[SDKs][Docs] Update August 2025 docs folder (#981)
Azure/iot-operations-sdks: doc/components.md

* [MQTT](#mqtt)
* [Protocol](#protocol)
* [Services](#services)

> * [Azure Device Registry (ADR) Client*](#azure-device-registry-adr-client)

Reviewer: nit: I think this was probably a leftover
```suggestion
* [Azure Device Registry (ADR) Client](#azure-device-registry-adr-client)
```

Reviewer: wait, also I think this link wouldn't be up here - it's just a sub component of Services and we don't link the other Services

Author: Done!

The schema registry client provides an interface to get and set Schemas from the Azure IoT Operations [schema registry](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/iot-operations/connect-to-cloud/concept-schema-registry). The registry would typically contain schemas describing the different assets available to be consumed by the an edge application.

### Lease lock client

> The lease lock client allows the application to create a lock on a shared resource (a key within the state store), ensuring that no other application can modify that resource while the lock is active. This is a key component of the leader election algorithm.

Author: I removed it! Thanks for pointing it out

### Azure Device Registry (ADR) client

> The ADR client provides the Akri Connector with _Device Endpoint Profiles_ and associated _Asset Definitions_.

Author: This should be definitions, changed below as well

- _Device Endpoint Profile_: Connection information such as the hostname, port, username, password, and certificates needed to authenticate with customer's on-prem service.
- _Asset_: Describes how the asset is accessed within the _Device Endpoint Profile_ and defines its datasets, events, streams and management groups.

The ADR client also notifies of newly discovered assets, which can then be triaged by the operator.

> ## Connector SDK

Author: Good point, I'll remove references to the connector SDK from components then

 
In this situation, if the application is restarted **after** a `PUBLISH` is sent but **before** the `PUBACK` is received, then this missing Session State may result in lost messages, as the client would be unable to process whether the `PUBLISH` was successful or not and therefor cannot initiate a retry, or report the failure.

## Terminology

The following outlines some of the main terms used to describe the different basic primitives used to construct the SDKs.

### Envoys

Envoys are actors implementing our MQTT communication patterns which are currently RPC and telemetry.

#### Telemetry

Messages sent from a client such as a _device_ or an _asset_ to a given topic using a pre-defined schema, describable with [DTDL](https://github.com/Azure/opendigitaltwins-dtdl).

<!--TODO: Revise telemetry.md Described in detail in [telemetry.md](reference/telemetry.md).-->

#### Commands

Implement an RPC pattern, to decouple _clients_ and _servers_, where the client _invokes_ the command, and the server _executes_ the command, whether directly or by delegation.

<!--TODO: Revise commands.md Described in detail in [commands.md](reference/commands.md).-->

### Connection Management

> As we are using dependency injection to initialize the Envoy and Binders, we need to provide the ability to react/recover to underlying connection disruptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we are using dependency injection to initialize the Envoys, we need to provide the ability to react/recover to underlying connection disruptions.
```
